
analysis\ar\TestArabicAnalyzer.java - Text files are different
analysis\ar\TestArabicNormalizationFilter.java - Text files are identical
analysis\ar\TestArabicStemFilter.java - Text files are identical
analysis\br\TestBrazilianStemmer.java - Text files are different
analysis\cjk\TestCJKTokenizer.java - Text files are different
analysis\cn\TestChineseTokenizer.java - Text files are different
analysis\compound\TestCompoundWordTokenFilter.java - Text files are different
analysis\cz\customStopWordFile.txt - Text files are identical
analysis\cz\TestCzechAnalyzer.java - Text files are different
analysis\de\data.txt - Text files are identical
analysis\de\TestGermanStemFilter.java - Text files are different
analysis\el\GreekAnalyzerTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\fa\TestPersianAnalyzer.java - Text files are different
analysis\fa\TestPersianNormalizationFilter.java - Text files are identical
analysis\fr\TestElision.java - Text files are different
analysis\fr\TestFrenchAnalyzer.java - Text files are different
analysis\miscellaneous\PatternAnalyzerTest.java - Right only: C:\SVN\apache\Lucene\lucene-3.0.3\contrib\analyzers\common\src\test\org\apache\lucene\analysis\miscellaneous
analysis\miscellaneous\TestEmptyTokenStream.java - Text files are identical
analysis\miscellaneous\TestPrefixAndSuffixAwareTokenFilter.java - Text files are identical
analysis\miscellaneous\TestPrefixAwareTokenFilter.java - Text files are identical
analysis\miscellaneous\TestSingleTokenTokenFilter.java - Text files are different
analysis\ngram\EdgeNGramTokenFilterTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\ngram\EdgeNGramTokenizerTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\ngram\NGramTokenFilterTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\ngram\NGramTokenizerTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\nl\customStemDict.txt - Text files are identical
analysis\nl\TestDutchStemmer.java - Text files are different
analysis\payloads\DelimitedPayloadTokenFilterTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\payloads\NumericPayloadTokenFilterTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\payloads\TokenOffsetPayloadTokenFilterTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\payloads\TypeAsPayloadTokenFilterTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\position\PositionFilterTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\query\QueryAutoStopWordAnalyzerTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\reverse\TestReverseStringFilter.java - Text files are different
analysis\ru\resUTF8.htm - Text files are identical
analysis\ru\stemsUTF8.txt - Text files are identical
analysis\ru\TestRussianAnalyzer.java - Text files are different
analysis\ru\TestRussianStem.java - Text files are different
analysis\ru\testUTF8.txt - Text files are identical
analysis\ru\wordsUTF8.txt - Text files are identical
analysis\shingle\ShingleAnalyzerWrapperTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\shingle\ShingleFilterTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\shingle\TestShingleMatrixFilter.java - Text files are different
analysis\sinks\DateRecognizerSinkTokenizerTest.java - Text files are identical
analysis\sinks\TokenRangeSinkTokenizerTest.java - Text files are identical
analysis\sinks\TokenTypeSinkTokenizerTest.java - Text files are different
analysis\th\TestThaiAnalyzer.java - Text files are different